Section: hp-Interface (#37)
dealii/release-papers: 9.2/paper.tex

\subsection{Better support for parallel $hp$-adaptive algorithms}
\label{subsec:hp}

With the previous release, \dealii supports $hp$-adaptive finite element methods
on distributed memory systems \cite{dealII91}. We implemented the bare functionality
for $hp$-adaptive methods with the objective to offer the greatest flexibility in
their application. Here, reference finite elements still had to be assigned manually
to each cell, which may not lead to an optimal mesh and is tedious.

With the current release, $hp$-adaptive finite element methods have been further

> expanded in both the range of features in terms of decision strategies and their 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
expanded in both the range of features like decision strategies and their 
```
? Here I'm not sure what you want to say.

Author: I made two sentences out of this one. Hope that helps :)

> user interface, effectively making the more attractive to use. We introduced many

Reviewer: ```suggestion
user interface, effectively making them more attractive to use. We introduced many
```

hp::Refinement::p_adaptivity_fixed_number(
  dof_handler, estimated_smoothness_per_cell, 0.9, 0.9);
hp::Refinement::choose_p_over_h (dof_handler);

triangulation.execute_coarsening_and_refinement();
\end{c++}

In particular, we implemented decision strategies based on refinement history and
smoothness estimation, and made sure that they work for refinement as well as
coarsening in terms of $h$- and $p$-adaptation in serial and parallel applications.

The former relies on knowing an estimate for the upper error bound \cite[Thm.~3.4]{BabuskaSuri1990}.
For successive refinements, we can predict how the error will change on basis of
current error estimates and adaptation flags. In the next refinement cycle, these
predicted error estimates allow us to decide whether the choice of adaptation in
the previous cycle was justified, and provide the foundation for it in the next
one \cite{MelenkWohlmuth2001}.

In general, $p$-refinement is favorable over $h$-refinement in smooth regions of
the finite element approximation \cite[Thm.~3.4]{BabuskaSuri1990}. Thus, estimating
its smoothness provides a suitable decision indicator for $hp$-adaptation. For this

> purpose, we expand the finite element approximation into a series of orthogonal
> basis functions of increasing complexity, and consider the decay of their expansion

Reviewer: Would you be fine with changing this into
```suggestion
purpose, we express the finite element approximation in an orthogonal
basis of increasing frequency, and consider the decay of their expansion
```
I do not really understand the "series" here (from a mathematical point of view), and I do not think that complexity is the right word here. You either use Legendre or Fourier (or is there other choices?), both of which you could attribute as being decomposed by some sort of "frequency".

Reviewer: Another term used in the literature of high-order methods is "oscillatory" for the higher-order corrections, which fits both Legendre and Fourier.

Author: 'series' as meant in 'series expansion'. I like your suggestions with the term 'frequency'. This brings it to the point.
